we say I want you to be my VP I want you
you're my boss
well George honey I'm a CEO a large
company and I have been Secretary of
Defense and I have been White House
chief of staff the vice presidency is a
mostly symbolic job however if we came
to a different understanding I can
handle the more mundane jobs but we're
seeing bureaucracy military energy
and foreign policy yeah right I like
that
[Music]
Oh
when you have power people will always
try to take it from you always
are you even more ruthless than you used
to be
[Music]
[Applause]
so we gonna do this there what is this
happening I believe we can make this
work
damn
[Music]